Feature/add message headers (#10)
ydarias/xk6-nats: README.md

This is a [k6](https://go.k6.io/k6) extension using the [xk6](https://github.com/k6io/xk6) system, that allows to use NATS protocol.

> This extension is a fork of [ydarias](https://github.com/ydarias)/[k6-nats](https://github.com/ydarias/xk6-nats) that adds headers support and some other features.

> > It is provided with no warranty, use it at your own risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  ❗ This extension isn't supported by the k6 team, and may break in the future. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK! |
|------|
```
